Dashboard link on Tableau Public - https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/tarak2530/viz/20-TableueChallenge/MembersVsCasualRidersstory



The Story (Month of June - 2021):
1.	The total Number of Member Riders used the Citi Ride Service more than the Casual Riders.
2.	Casual Riders Travelled (Avg Minutes) more than the Member Riders 
3.	Total Riders - Member Vs Casual (Per Day) – The chart clearly shows that there
4.	Avg Minutes - Members Vs. Casual (Per Day) – The daily Average Minutes Traveled by Casual Riders was more than Member Riders. This shows that Members use the service for travel to and from Work. 
 

The N Stations Dashboard (Month of June - 2021):
	Input a number (number entered in the parameter on top)  to show the Top N Number of Stations by Total Rides and Average Miles
1.	The Top 2 Maps show the Start Station and End Station by total rides (count). It looks like both the Start station and End station are with most Riders are the same. To conclude that most riders usually do round Trip when they ride the bikes.
2.	The Bottom 2 maps are Avg miles Top N (number entered in the parameter on top) travelled per station. The start station and end station are different in this case.



Total Trip and Avg Minutes Dashboard (Month of June - 2021):
	This is a Interactive dashboard. Click on any bar or Line Chart to filter all other charts by the Selected measure. The data can also be filtered by selecting the filters on the top. A good filter on the top in Morning/Afternoon filter. The whole dashboard can be filtered by any filters on the Top. 
1.	Top 10 Most Popular Trips & Average Time (min) between Start & End Station – This Bar chart shows the Top 10 Stations from where the trip started and ended. The number inside blue bar is the Avg Minutes travelled for all trips between the top 10 Start and End Point. 
2.	Total Rides & Average Minutes (Circle) – Weekday – The Total Number of Riders are shown on the top and Avg Minutes are shown in bottom in gold. The total number of riders is the most on Wednesday and Avg Minutes traveled was highest on Monday. This shows that more Number of riders don’t mean more time travelled. 
3.	Total Trips & Average Minutes(Circle) Per Day – The Total Number of Riders are shown on the top and Avg Minutes are shown in bottom in gold. This chart also shows that there is no correlation between average miles travelled and the total number of Rides per1th day of the month.  day. The most amount of riders were on the 26th day of the month and the most minutes ridden was on 13th day of the month.
4.	Total Trip & Average Minutes(Circle) Per Hour - The Total Number of Riders are shown on the top and Avg Minutes are shown in bottom in gold. Again there is no correlation between the total number of riders and the avg minutes traveled. The most amount of riders were on the 18th hour and the most minutes ridden was on 0 hour for the month.


